README.md, before:

# EDRDG Scripts
This is a collection of client-side scripts for improving the usability of [edrdg.org](https://www.edrdg.org/).
These programs can be imported into and launched via a [userscript manager](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Userscript_manager)
such as [Greasemonkey](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greasemonkey).

### JMdictDB external links
This script adds a menu of external links to JMdictDB entries.

<details>
  <summary>Example image</summary>

  ![links.png](img/links.png)
</details>


### N-gram Corpus Count Percentages
This script adds usage percentages to the tables on the "N-gram Corpus Count" pages. It also adds an
appropriate amount of whitespace to each cell so that the data will align nicely when copied and
pasted into JMdictDB reference notes.

<details>
  <summary>Example image</summary>

  ![counts.png](img/counts.png)
</details>

## License
Following the example of the [JMdictDB server software](https://gitlab.com/yamagoya/jmdictdb),
this software is licensed under the GNU General Public License version 2 or (at your option)
any later version. See the file `LICENSE` for details.

Commit message:

Add affiliation disclaimer and install links

README.md, after:

# EDRDG Scripts
This is a collection of client-side scripts for improving the usability of [edrdg.org](https://www.edrdg.org/).
These programs can be imported into and launched via a [userscript manager](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Userscript_manager)
such as [Greasemonkey](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greasemonkey).

These are third-party scripts written by myself and not officially endorsed by or
affiliated with the Electronic Dictionary Research and Development Group.

### JMdictDB external links
This script adds a menu of external links to JMdictDB entries. [[Install](https://github.com/stephenmk/edrdg-scripts/raw/main/jmdictdb_ext_link_menu.user.js)]

<details>
  <summary>Example image</summary>

  ![links.png](img/links.png)
</details>


### N-gram Corpus Count Percentages
This script adds usage percentages to the tables on the "N-gram Corpus Count" pages. It also adds an
appropriate amount of whitespace to each cell so that the data will align nicely when copied and
pasted into JMdictDB reference notes. [[Install](https://github.com/stephenmk/edrdg-scripts/raw/main/corpus_count_percentages.user.js)]

<details>
  <summary>Example image</summary>

  ![counts.png](img/counts.png)
</details>

## License
Following the example of the [JMdictDB server software](https://gitlab.com/yamagoya/jmdictdb),
this software is licensed under the GNU General Public License version 2 or (at your option)
any later version. See the file `LICENSE` for details.
